Set default Type to instant for alert rules (#207)
VictoriaMetrics/victoriametrics-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

## tip 

> * FEATURE: set the default value of `Type` to `instant` when creating alerting rules. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victoriametrics-datasource/issues/205).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: set the default query type to `instant` when creating alerting rules. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victoriametrics-datasource/issues/205).
```
